Project Name:
QS World University Rankings 2017 - 2022

Project mission and goal

I am going to analyse data from QS World University Rankings 2017-2022 dataset to help high school students all around the world to analyse and make a better decision on choosing the university for their future study and career.
Because there are a lot of universities both public and private and both are placed in cities and have different ranks, my goal in this project is to help them to find an university that fits them best.

Project’s Objective

The objective of this project is to provide a visualized detailed dashboard for high school students based on ranks, countries, scores to profound understanding and making a better decision. 

Project attributes

This dataset contains university data from the year 2017 to 2022. It has a total of 15 features.

university - name of the university
year - year of ranking
rank_display - rank given to the university
score - score of the university based on the six key metrics mentioned above
link - link to the university profile page on QS website
country - country in which the university is located
city - city in which the university is located
region - continent in which the university is located
logo - link to the logo of the university
type - type of university (public or private)
research_output - quality of research at the university
studentfacultyratio - number of students assigned to per faculty
international_students - number of international students enrolled at the university
size - size of the university in terms of area
faculty_count - number of faculty or academic staff at the university



What metrics are you planning to analyze.

1. Identify top 5 universities (private and public) by region from 2017 to 2022
2. Which counties and cities are preffered by international students
3. What is the percentage of international students of the top of ranking universities
4. Idetntify ratio of private and public universities by region
5. Identify if the location of a university play a role in its ranking


